Update icon.png in Recorded Future plugin (#687)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: recorded_future/help.md

}
```

#### Download URL Risk List

> This action this action returns a risk list of urls matching a filtration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action returns a risk list of URLs matching a filtration.
```

                    "@condition": "Equals"
                  }
                }
              }
            },
            "indicator:Producer": {
              "stixCommon:Description": "Recorded Future",
              "stixCommon:References": {
                "stixCommon:Reference": "https://app.recordedfuture.com/live/sc/entity/url%!A(MISSING)http%!A(MISSING)%!F(MISSING)%!F(MISSING)bolizarsospos.com%!F(MISSING)raph9xccgxt"
              }
            },
            "indicator:Title": "URL http://bolizarsospos.com/raph9xccgxt",
            "indicator:Type": {
              "#text": "URL Watchlist",
              "@xsi:type": "stixVocabs:IndicatorTypeVocab-1.1"
            },
            "indicator:Valid_Time_Position": {
              "indicator:End_Time": {
                "#text": "2020-09-29T23:59:59.000Z",
                "@precision": "second"
              },
              "indicator:Start_Time": {
                "#text": "2020-09-29T00:00:00.000Z",
                "@precision": "second"
              }
            }
          }
        ]
      },
      "stix:STIX_Header": {
        "stix:Description": "Recorded Future STIX"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Search URLs

> This action this action is used to search for data related to URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is used to search for data related to URLs.
```

# Version History

> * 2.0.1 - Change `icon.png`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.0.1 - Update Recorded Future logo
```

# Version History

> * 2.2.0 - New actions Search URLs, Download URL Risk List and List URL Risk Rules | Update Recorded Future logo | In action Lookup Vulnerability change input ID to uppercase for CVE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.2.0 - New actions Search URLs, Download URL Risk List and List URL Risk Rules | Update Recorded Future logo | Allow both upper and lowercase CVE in Lookup Vulnerability action
```
